feat: adds sub-component mapping to tabs and tooltips (#1734)
zendeskgarden/react-components: docs/migration.md

  - added `labels` prop
- Renamed `PAGE_TYPE` type export to `PageType`

#### @zendeskgarden/react-tabs

> - All sub-component exports have been deprecated and will be removed in a future major version.
>   Update to sub-component properties (e.g., `Tabs.TabList`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All subcomponent exports have been deprecated and will be removed in a future major version.
  Update to subcomponent properties (e.g., `Tabs.TabList`).
```

- `Tooltip`
  - removed `eventsEnabled` prop (no longer exposed by Floating UI)
  - removed `popperModifiers` prop (see [note](#breaking-changes))

> - All sub-component exports have been deprecated and will be removed in a future major version.
>   Update to sub-component properties (e.g., `Tooltip.Title`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All subcomponent exports have been deprecated and will be removed in a future major version.
  Update to subcomponent properties (e.g., `Tooltip.Title`).
```

Reviewer: [nit]
